Add registers to circuits C API (#14355)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/cdoc/qk-classical-register.rst

Reviewer: I think you may have forgotten to include these in the toctree. Should be in index.h, so that the group can be defined.

Author: Oops, good catch. Fixed in: https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/pull/14355/commits/b2cdbe5b0905317f4e83d27a70d99fcb58356fff

> =================
> QkClassicalRegister
> =================

Reviewer: Docs will complain about these lines not being too long, it has to cover the whole word apparently:
```suggestion
===================
QkClassicalRegister
===================
```

.. code-block:: c

   typedef struct QkClassicalRegister QkClassicalRegister

A common way to instantiate several bits at once is to create a register, such

> as by:

Reviewer: I believe you should consider adding a quick description of what a quantum register is before jumping into an example of how to use it. Even if this structure already exist in Python, it is still good to provide the definition of the object in question.

Author: Registers are pretty common computing concepts and it is just a group of bits. But I'll add a sentence on that.

Author: Done in: https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/pull/14355/commits/0e7a205080e6aa96331d57e4545498ad05e34e33

.. code-block: c

    #include <qiskit.h>

    QkClassicalRegister *creg = qk_classical_register_new(5, "my_creg");

> This has the advantage that you can give a collection of bits a name. This is
> used as metadata around bits in the circuit when you add the register to the
> circuit which will be used when exporting the circuit to interchange languages.
> Continuing from the above example:

Reviewer: The wording of this is a little iffy, it can make a little more sense with a deep polishing, here's my quick attempt at getting there haha:

```suggestion
This has the advantage of giving a collection of bits a name, which is
used as metadata for the bits once the register is added to a circuit.
The assigned metadata will be used when exporting the circuit to
interchange languages.
Continuing from the above example:
```

This can be improved further

Author: Done in: https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/pull/14355/commits/0e7a205080e6aa96331d57e4545498ad05e34e33
